README.md, before:

# Translate.me 0.1.0 - Sketch App Plugin

Translations. Simplified.

Translate your Sketch text layers, artboards and pages in over 100 languages with Translate.me plugin. Powered by Google.

Translate.me helps you to save time, understand and communicate across your international team or app.

![Translate.me](/assets/demo.gif?raw=true "Translations. Simplified.")

## How it works?

1. Translate.me automatically detects the language which you used on your file. 

2. Choose over 100 languages

3. Witness the plugin in action

##### Translate Layer
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Layer
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>W</kbd>
##### Translate Artboard
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Artboard
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>X</kbd>
<br>
##### Translate Everything
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Everything
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Y</kbd>
<br>
##### Set Google API Key...
Plugins > Translate.me > Set Google API Key...
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>K</kbd>
<br>

## Installation

#### Manual

1. [Download the Zip](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/archive/master.zip) and unzip the package
2. Double click on `Translateme.sketchplugin` for auto installation

## Configuration

Be sure to read [this article](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/wiki/Generate-a-Google-API-Key) as you will need a Google API key to use the plugin.
This article describes the process for obtaining a key and how to integrate it into the plugin, don't worry, it's easy ;)

## Compatibility

The plugin is compatible with Sketch 4+.

## Donations

If this project help you in some way, you can invite us a :beer: ;) or share this project via social media.

The [Craftbot](http://craftbot.io) team thank you! [Eddie](https://eduardogomez.io) & [Guillermo](https://dribbble.com/guillermoseis).

[![paypal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=Y72RSKMLQW3BQ)

## Contact

If you have any questions or troubles with our product, please feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/issues).

If you prefer, you can send an email to: [hello@craftbot.io](mailto:hello@craftbot.io)

Commit message:

More ways to install it added

README.md, after:

# Translate.me 0.1.0 - Sketch App Plugin

Translations. Simplified.

Translate your Sketch text layers, artboards and pages in over 100 languages with Translate.me plugin. Powered by Google.

Translate.me helps you to save time, understand and communicate across your international team or app.

![Translate.me](/assets/demo.gif?raw=true "Translations. Simplified.")

## How it works?

1. Translate.me automatically detects the language which you used on your file. 

2. Choose over 100 languages

3. Witness the plugin in action

##### Translate Layer
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Layer
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>W</kbd>
##### Translate Artboard
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Artboard
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>X</kbd>
<br>
##### Translate Everything
Plugins > Translate.me > Translate Everything
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Y</kbd>
<br>
##### Set Google API Key...
Plugins > Translate.me > Set Google API Key...
<br>
Shortcut: <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>K</kbd>
<br>

## Installation

[![Install Translate.me with Sketchpacks](/assets/sketchpacks.png?raw=true "Install Translate.me with Sketchpacks")](https://www.sketchpacks.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/install)


#### Install with Sketch Runner
With Sketch Runner, just go to the `install` command and search for `Translate.me`. Runner allows you to manage plugins and do much more to speed up your workflow in Sketch. [Download Runner here](http://www.sketchrunner.com).

![Sketch Runner screenshot](https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1511169274/Screen_Shot_2017-11-20_at_10.13.50_AM_yij9xq.png)

#### Manual

1. [Download the Zip](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/archive/master.zip) and unzip the package
2. Double click on `Translateme.sketchplugin` for auto installation

## Configuration

Be sure to read [this article](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/wiki/Generate-a-Google-API-Key) as you will need a Google API key to use the plugin.
This article describes the process for obtaining a key and how to integrate it into the plugin, don't worry, it's easy ;)

## Compatibility

The plugin is compatible with Sketch 4+.

## Donations

If this project help you in some way, you can invite us a :beer: ;) or share this project via social media.

The [Craftbot](http://craftbot.io) team thank you! [Eddie](https://eduardogomez.io) & [Guillermo](https://dribbble.com/guillermoseis).

[![paypal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=Y72RSKMLQW3BQ)

## Contact

If you have any questions or troubles with our product, please feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/sketch-translate-me/issues).

If you prefer, you can send an email to: [hello@craftbot.io](mailto:hello@craftbot.io)
